CTECH-3419: Remove incorrect commentary on Endpoint support and insta… (#119)
finbourne/lusid-sdk-python: README.md

```python
import lusid
import lusid.models as models
from lusid import (
    ApiClientFactory,
    EnvironmentVariablesConfigurationLoader,
    SecretsFileConfigurationLoader,
    ArgsConfigurationLoader
)
```

And construct the API factory:

```python
secrets_file_path = "/path/to/secrets.json"
config_loaders = [
	EnvironmentVariablesConfigurationLoader(),
	SecretsFileConfigurationLoader(api_secrets_file=secrets_path)
]
api_client_factory = ApiClientFactory(config_loaders=config_loaders)
```

> > You will need to create a secrets file containing your LUSID credentials. For instructions on how to construct this file, see [Getting started with the LUSID API and SDKs](https://support.lusid.com/knowledgebase/article/KA-01916/)

Reviewer: not strictly true, they can use env vars

```suggestion
>  Accessing the LUSID API endpoints requires an authenticated request. An authentication token can be obtained following the instructions [Getting started with the LUSID API and SDKs](https://support.lusid.com/knowledgebase/article/KA-01916/)
```

    source="Broker"
)

await tx_portfolios_api.upsert_transactions(scope=scope, code=portfolio_code, transaction_request=[tx1])
```

#### Get holdings

```python
tx_portfolios_api = api_factory.build(lusid.api.TransactionPortfoliosApi)

holdings_response = await tx_portfolios_api.get_holdings(
    scope=scope, code=portfolio_code, property_keys=["Instrument/default/Name"]).values

print("Holdings:")
for holding in holdings_response:
    print(luid_to_name[holding.instrument_uid], holding.units, holding.cost.amount)
```

> 

Reviewer: i wonder if we an a snippet for creating the sync version too?

Author: I think that is better elsewhere - its not supposed to be the default way to use the SDK, its mainly provided for backwards compatibility

Reviewer: 👍
